hello everyone this is norm HD and this
is kind of like a big update on it's
like a six minute update um first of all
I'm back from Florida and if you haven't
noticed I haven't put anything use for
like friday and sunday and dumb and this
week I haven't put any videos up for one
big reason I have to do like a book
report for school my dad's like force my
to do this all I really try to finish so
i can actually have time to do this and
put commentary up and stuff like that
but on hopefully i'll finish it by the
end of this week and see what it turns
out to be but um so I'm just gonna go
through like everything right now is so
much the cover um so right now this is a
model of a 2 gameplay as you can see
it's in terminal and it's some on
domination and this I turned out to be a
really sluggish painful I like 15 16
deaths and the reason by that is I don't
know if I'm I'm just bad at it but um
i'm using a running class which I I
don't really use but I guess sometimes I
used to use it like surf destroy and um
it's it just ended up to be really bad
modern warfare 2 now such as quick
scoper that new tubers at the most part
campers I don't want to complain about
it cuz i know a lot of people blade
about it and i don't i'm not really
complaining about like that much I just
complained about it to myself and rage
quit um this is everything in his game I
just laughed throughout this whole
entire game play because it would we had
everything it had everything that was
bad in it but moving on um what before I
was talking about I I didn't have enough
time because my dad you know he annoyed
me through the whole thing but on the
question of the day is what annoys you
the most I should really just say that's
my conclusion but whatever what a noisy
the most because my dad is you're
telling me to do my part and it annoys
me so next thing I dumb my plan on doing
do it doing meth 1i doing is on making
fun Taj's and if you don't know what
funtage is
kind of runs with montages but on fontax
is like you know kind of like different
clips of just like you know goofing
around doing every what do you want to
do on Cole duty whatever game but mostly
you know I'm gonna do it I'll call duty
obviously is it really fun if you want
to join its gonna be like fun lobby I
don't know when it's going to be but um
you can message me and we can just start
a fun lobby ourself and just just go
around just do whatever we want and not
even follow with one of the game is and
I'm nothing is that the resurrection map
pack trailers came out I think most of
you already knew with the UM the new map
pack moon if you already got the limited
edition you know the super limited ition
or the regular women addition you get
the map pack for free and if you bought
just the right of the game you have to
pay for the map pack again um and moving
on all the other format packs or you
know the upgraded for that war that the
element edition had anyone moving on not
over three spec ops survival mode trail
that came out I made a trailer what is
it I'm an overview on it analysis and if
you wanna check that links in
description um and I might do Tony Hawk
on the ground let's play for ps2 I
started it but um it didn't turn out to
record the ps2 that good someone try to
fix that um another thing i bought dirt
3 for the xbox and I didn't get the new
version i got the youth version if you
if you are planning on getting there
three it probably not but if you are get
the new one I know it's ten dollars more
but there's so many reasons why one you
get like five cars but the way it's like
a VIP pass that you need and the use one
obviously someone used a VIP vest and
now you can't use it anymore and the VIP
pass it lets you go on multiplayer um
basically do whatever you want well you
know multiplayer can you get like five
calories or whatever and something else
I don't remember but on oh yeah upload
upload photo shown it to you footage
onto YouTube but I'm definitely the new
one if you're planning on getting it
because now going to pay another ten
dollars on getting this VIP pass that I
have to
download and I should have just gotten a
new ones clean desk and everything
anyways moving on 100 twice ups or 100
my three now actually um that was
actually my goal to get a hundred subs
now I've actually been getting snobs
like recently it's pretty cool like it's
like my channels growing she said um not
really and my next old to be uh I mean
my next gold you know do is to be on
machinima I've been on a nagy that was
basically one of my other goals and now
I just want to get my footage on the
machete or whatever just you know 11
video of something might be on skate 3
might be on call of duty you never know
and um what else oh yeah I bought this
sound board at a garage show like three
days ago and it had for three dollars
and it has like like this plugin thing
that you plug in to the end of the xbox
controller and then you plug your mic
into the end of the sound board thing
and there's like five buttons you can
press and all of them I put him as like
a Barack Obama stab or if you haven't
seen that video on YouTube pretty funny
um I'm gonna actually have without link
in the description this guy did this
like big old big sound board my son were
kind of sucks it only has five but on
this guy did like big sound board he's
like in the easy open the Washington DC
and like you know all the Obama sings it
was really funny but I tried to do it in
his like I just failed and um I tried to
get the app which was that that's what
he used and I need actually a dollar
more to get the head but I'm not going
to get it so I'm going to try to get it
for free and trying to do with the
jailbroken why but they didn't have it
in the in that app store the jailbroken
app store anyways moving on um do you
want to make oh wait I'm Emily I'm
reading my notepad that I wrote down man
do you want me to make funny videos or
do you want me to do from ways you know
to play cod which is your mind which is
the fun touch you know a thing I was
talking about and that's why I can't
believe I did that all in six minutes
but that's all i gotta say guys do you
want me to make funny videos and do
funtage with you and stuff like that I
don't know message me if you want to do
that and what
with you the most by this enormously